the Lord also spoke to Joshua speak to
the children of Israel saying appoint
for yourselves cities of refuge of which
I spoke to you through Moses that the
Slayer who kills a person accidentally
or unintentionally may flee them and
they shall be your refuge from the
Avenger of blood and when he flees to
one of those cities and stands at the
entrance of the gate of the city and
declares his case in the hearing of the
elders of that city they shall take him
into the city as one of them and give
him a place that he may dwell among them
then if the Avenger of blood pursues him
they shall not deliver the Slayer into
his hand because he struck his neighbour
unintentionally but did not hate him
before him and he shall dwell in that
city until he stands before the
congregation for judgment and until the
death of the one who is high priest in
those days then the Slayer may return
and come to his own City and his own
house to the city from which he fled
so they appointed Kadesh in Galilee in
the mountains of Naphtali Shechem in the
mountains of Ephraim and kiryat arba
which is Hebron in the mountains of
Judah and on the other side of the
Jordan by Jericho eastward they assigned
bizu in the wilderness on the plain from
the tribe of Reuben ramoth in Gilead
from the tribe of GAD and Golan in
bation from the tribe of Manasseh these
were the cities appointed for all the
children of Israel and for the stranger
who dwelt among them
that whoever killed a person
accidentally might flee there and not
die by the hand of the Avenger of blood
until he stood before the congregation
[Music]